Update readmes to match common design (Map View category) 1/2 (#472)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: map_view/identify-layers/README.md

# Identify layers

Identify features in all layers in a map. 

![Image of identify layers](IdentifyLayers.png)

## Use case

> IdentifyLayers allows users to tap on a map, returning features at that location across multiple layers. Because some layer types have sublayers, the sample recursively counts results for sublayers within each layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify layers allows users to return features on a map at a specified location across multiple layers. Because some layer types have sublayers, the sample recursively counts results for sublayers within each layer.
```

## How to use the sample

> Click to identify features. An alert will show all layers with features under the tapped location, as well as the number of features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click to identify features. An alert will show all layers with features under the clicked location, as well as the number of features.
```
